## Notes on decisions taken

- I have separated the code out into reusable components. I am following the container / component pattern, whereby `containers` are data-handling React components and `components` are simple UI-handling React components that receive data from their parent containers. Each component has its own folder, its own styles file and its own test file(s).
- I have put user info - fetching code into the `App` component. This request would typically only need to be done once on login, and the user info could be stored in some global context, to be available for all pages that the user navigates to. In this case the user info is passed down to `BookingForm`, which therefore does not need to request it separately.
- The `BookingForm` component takes care of retrieving appointments, keeping a data store and submitting the desired appointment. All actual form input handling is taken care of by children components, `SelectSection` and `NotesSection`.
- I have made all options lists dynamic and dependent on the list of appointments that is retrieved, e.g. 'Therapist' will only appear on the list of 'Consultant Types' if at least one available appointment is for a therapist.
- `SelectSection` is an abstract component that is reused for the first three form sections, each time rendering the relevant form fields. Each `Input` component renders a styled radio input.
- `NotesSection` is similar to `SelectSection` but simpler and used for handling a textarea form field.
- Relevant HTML elements, labels and alt tags are used for accessibility.
- The width of the app adjusts based on the device size, but is never more than 600px wide (the initial boilerplate seemed to specify that requirement).
- Testing is done on three levels: (1) jsDOM-based integration tests of `App` and `BookingForm` components that ensure that all relevant buttons and inputs are correctly rendered & can be interacted with, and that correct HTTP requests are made initially and as a result of user interaction. (2) Unit tests of pure helper functions, which I've moved out of components to helper files for easier testing. (3) Snapshot tests of UI components to check that correct HTML is outputted.
- I have added basic error handling for the two requests that fetch user info and appointments. A different error message is shown to the user in each case.
- I have followed the design closely but there are deviations, e.g. I had to use a similar font as there wasn't one provided, and exact dimensions are not marked on the design. I used placeholder images for missing icons.
- There are sometimes inconsistencies in the instructions, e.g. the user needs to select a type of appointment (audio vs. video), but the POST endpoint does not seem to expect that data. I have made assumptions where appropriate.
- I have omitted the 'Attach a photo' section as it isn't mentioned in the instructions and it would require implementing file uploading functionality.